When determining how well your logistic regression model
is doing at predicting the correct labels,
the most common measure to use is called, accuracy.
Accuracy is the proportion of
correctly labeled rows divided by the total number of rows in the data set.
There are some cases where accuracy won't work well,
particularly when you have large class imbalances in your data set.
With that in mind, Sebastian will be going through some of the other metrics that are
commonly used and how to understand
whether your model is performing well with these metrics.
Some of the references made in these videos are not true for this class as
this information is part of
the full free machine learning course linked in the instructor notes below.
Once Sebastian has shown you these metrics,
we'll be working together to implement them in Python.